Build a personal portfolio website hosted in github pages, written in react and javascript, where people can visit to see the projects i have, can download and preview my resume, read my blog, and reaching out to me. 

There will be different tabs on the top center header of my screen: about me, projects, experiences, resume, blog, contact. 
The right side of the top header will have my social media icons: LinkedIn, github, and YouTube.
The left side of the header will have my title of my website and a logo and a theme button. 
Have a toggle to change the theme/display: dark mode (black with grey elements ), light mode (white with black elements)
This header should be fixed to the top. 
The tab of what page i am on should be highlighted based on what section i am on in my website. 
Make the website a one pager when you scroll down on, it goes out order in sections : about me, then projects, resume, and contact. 

Make the blog a separate page: a left side panel with a search bar to search for blogs with relevant text, and a list of my blogs by date created with most recent on top. The main post of the screen is where you read my blog from. 
Make it so my blogs are generated from markdown text. 

My about me section: a picture of me in a circular frame, not too big. Then my name and a short description of me. Then a few bullets about me like my job, school, interests, mission and my social medias like youtube and github and LinkedIn as icons. 
Under those icons, add a button to schedule a meeting with me via calendly. 

Experiences section:
Each experience (job) has a logo of the company, the position i had, company name, period of employment, and a description of the job. 

The project section: smooth interactive ui cards with a picture of my project, a button to a video demo of it, button to a github repo of it, and a button a blog post of it. 
Each card should also have a description of what it is. 
The cards should be in rows of 3

Resume section: a small preview of my resume, can click to open the pdf document and download it. 

The contact section:
A form for user to enter their name, email, subject , and a message that will send an email to my proton email. Use their api to send it and make the environment file include varibles where i would need to add any keys for the api. 
Also add a button to schedule a meeting (it will go to my calendly meetings).

Make dummy/example values for now for the text for now
